THAI CUISINE

Sriracha Butter Wings With Ranch Sauce;200g cukes, or cucumbers, quartered:1 tsp caster sugar:¼ cup (60ml) rice wine vinegar:Sunflower oil to deep fry:100g unsalted butter:¼ cup (75g) sriracha or other hot sauce:1 cup (150g) plain flour:2 tsp celery salt:1 tsp each cayenne pepper, garlic powder and onion powder:1.25kg chicken wings:Black sesame seeds to serve (optional):½ cup (150g) mayonnaise:1/3 cup (80g) sour cream:1 tsp garlic powder:1 tbs red wine vinegar:Juice of ½ lemon:½ bunch chives, finely chopped;1.Place cukes into a bowl with 1 tsp salt, sugar and vinegar. Toss to coat. Set aside.:2.For the ranch sauce, combine all the ingredients and set aside.:3.Heat the oil in a saucepan over high heat. Watch it until it reaches 180˚C.:4.Meanwhile, in a small saucepan, heat butter and sriracha until the butter has melted.:5.In a large mixing bowl, combine the flour, celery salt, cayenne, garlic and onion powders. Coat wings in flour mixture and shake off excess. Cook in the oil for 4-5 minutes until golden brown and cooked through. Remove wings, drain on paper towel and place in a bowl.:6.Pour over sriracha butter and toss. Serve wings with ranch sauce and pickled cukes, topped with sesame seeds.

Thai Pork Larb Salad;1 tbs peanut oil:500g pork mince:1 tbs long-grain rice, plus steamed rice to serve:2 tbs fish sauce:Juice of 2 limes:1 large eschalot, finely sliced:1/2 bunch mint, leaves picked, plus extra to serve:1/2 bunch Thai basil, leaves picked, plus extra to serve:2 long red chillies, seeds removed, chopped, plus extra sliced to serve:1 iceberg lettuce, leaves separated;1.Heat the oil in a large frypan over medium-high heat.:2.Add the mince and cook, breaking up lumps with a wooden spoon, for 6-7 minutes until cooked through.:3.Use a slotted spoon to transfer the pork to a large bowl. Set aside to cool.:4.Place 1 tbs uncooked rice in a separate dry frypan and cook, stirring, over medium heat for 7-8 minutes or until dark golden. Transfer to a mortar and pestle and grind into a fine powder. Set rice powder aside until ready to serve.:5.To make the dressing, whisk together fish sauce and lime juice. Set aside until ready to serve.:6.Just before serving, add the dressing, eschalot, mint, basil and chilli to the pork and stir to combine.:7.Arrange the lettuce leaves on serving plates. Use a slotted spoon to pile the pork larb on top. Garnish with extra mint, basil and chilli. Sprinkle with rice powder and serve with steamed rice.

Son-in-law eggs (Thai fried eggs);Vegetable oil, to deep-fry, plus 1 tbs extra:6 soft-boiled eggs, peeled:6 small dried chillies:100g eschalots, thinly sliced:60g palm sugar, finely grated:2 tsp tamarind concentrate:3 tsp fish sauce:2 tsp lime juice, plus extra lime wedges to serve:Coriander sprigs, thinly sliced long red chilli and fried Asian shallots, to serve;1.Heat 5cm oil in a small saucepan over high heat until a piece of bread sizzles on contact. Pat eggs dry with paper towel. Deep-fry eggs, in 3 batches, for 2 minutes or until golden and a crust has formed. Drain on paper towel.:2.Add dried chillies and deep-fry for 30 seconds or until bright red. Drain on paper towel.:3.Heat extra oil in a large frypan over high heat. Add eschalot and cook, stirring occasionally, for 2 minutes or until softened. Add sugar, tamarind, fish sauce, lime juice and 1 tbs water. Cook, stirring constantly, for 1-2 minutes until sugar dissolves and sauce is thick and sticky.:4.Halve eggs and arrange on a serving plate. Drizzle with sauce and sprinkle with fried chilli, coriander, fresh chilli and fried shallots. Serve with lime wedges.

Pad Thai;125g (half a 250g pack) rice noodles:3 tbsp lime juice about 2 limes:½ tsp cayenne pepper:2 tsp light muscovado sugar:2 tbsp fish sauce:2 tbsp vegetable oil:200g cooked and peeled tiger prawn, tails left on:4 spring onions, sliced:140g beansprout:25g salted peanut, finely chopped;1.Put the noodles in a large heatproof bowl, pour boiling water over them and leave for 4 minutes, then drain and refresh under cold running water.:2.Put the lime juice, cayenne, sugar and fish sauce in a bowl and mix well. Have all the other ingredients ready by the cooker.:3.Heat the oil and fry the prawns until warmed through. Add the spring onions and noodles and toss around. Tip in the lime juice mixture, then stir in the beansprouts and half the peanuts and coriander. Cook for 1 minute until everything is heated through.:4.Pile into a large dish, scatter with the rest of the peanuts and coriander, and serve with lime wedges and sweet chilli sauce.

Papaya Salad;2 tbsp roasted peanuts:1-10 red bird’s eye chillies (depending on how brave you are):5 small (or 2–3 large) garlic cloves:1 1⁄2 tbsp palm sugar:2 yard-long beans (or green beans), cut into 2.5cm (1 inch) pieces:4 cherry tomatoes, sliced:2 tbsp fresh lime juice:2 tbsp Thai fish sauce (or 2 tsp salt):1⁄2 medium green papaya, peeled and shredded:1 carrot, shredded:2 tbsp dried shrimp (leave out for a vegetarian alternative);1.In a small, dry frying pan, toast the peanuts over a medium heat until golden brown. Remove from the pan and set aside. (There's also a ready-toasted alternative you can find in the supermarkets).:2.Coarsely pound the chillies and garlic together using a pestle and mortar. Add the palm sugar, beans and tomatoes. Lightly pound to combine, then squeeze in the lime juice and fish sauce.:3.Lightly pound again, then add the green papaya and carrot. Pound again and toss to combine. The taste should be sweet and salty in perfect balance, with a sharp, sour and spicy tang.:4.Spoon the salad into a serving bowl and sprinkle over the dried shrimp and toasted peanuts.

KOREAN CUISINE

Chicken Bulgogi (Korean BBQ Chicken);6 chicken thighs, boneless & skinless:3 tbsp Korean chili paste (gochujang):1 tbsp Korean chili flakes (gochugaru), optional:1 tbsp soy sauce:1-2 tbsp light brown sugar:1 tbsp minced garlic:1 tsp ginger paste:1 tbsp Korean corn syrup (mulyeot):1 tbsp sweet rice wine (mirim), optional:1 tbsp sesame oil:1/2 tsp black pepper:5-6 Korean perilla leaves (kkatnip), thinly sliced, to garnish, optional:1 tbsp toasted sesame seeds to garnish;1.Out a piece of plastic wrap over chicken thighs and pound with a meat hammer to stretch and tenderize, set aside.:2.In a large mixing bowl, mix together gochujang, gochugaru (if using), soy sauce, brown sugar, garlic, ginger, corn syrup, rice wine, sesame oil, and pepper. Add the chicken thighs and toss together to coat evenly. Let the chicken rest on a room temperature for 10 minutes.:3.Preheat the oven to broil, place an oven shelving to 5-6 inch below the heat source. Grease a cooling rack with a spray oil and place on top of a large baking pan (half sheet size) lined with foil.:4.Spread the chicken pieces on the rack without overlapping. Broil 4-5 minute or until the surface is slightly charred. Turn the chicken to the other side and broil for another 4-5 minutes or until the chicken is fully cooked. Keep an eye on the chicken so that you don't char them too much.:5.Cut the chicken thighs into a bite size chunks and place in a serving dish. Garnish with thinly sliced perilla leaves and toasted sesame seeds. Serve hot with rice.

Jajangmyeon (Korean Black Bean Noodles);4 servings jjajangmyeon noodles, fresh or dried noodles:5 tbsp Korean black bean paste (chunjang):4 tbsp oil:2 tbsp lard, or oil:1/2 cup chopped Asian leek, or green onion:2 tsp sugar:1/2 lb pork, chopped into small pieces:1/4 small cabbage, chopped:1 small onion, chopped:1/2 zucchini, chopped:1 tbsp oyster sauce:1 1/2 cup water:1 tsp chicken bouillon powder:1 tbsp cornstarch , mixed with 3 tablespoon water:1/4 cucumber, sliced to matchsticks to garnish, optional;FOR JAJANGMYEON SAUCE:1.To pre-fry Korean black bean paste (chunjang), heat oil in a wok over medium-low heat, and add chunjang paste. Stir-fry for 2-3 minutes. Use a fine mesh strainer to scoop the paste onto a small plate and set aside. Discard the oil and clean the wok.:2.Heat lard in the wok over medium-high heat. Add the leek and sugar, stir-frying until the leek is slightly caramelized. Add pork and cook until no longer pink.:3.Stir in cabbage and onion, cooking until slightly softened. Add zucchini pieces and toss. Mix in the reserved chunjang paste and oyster sauce, ensuring that all meat and vegetables are coated evenly.:4.Pour in water and chicken powder, stirring well. Bring the sauce to a boil and cook for 3 minutes. Add the starch slurry and cook until the sauce thickens.:FOR NOODLES:1.Meanwhile bring a pot of water to boil. Add the noodles and cook according to the package direction, and drain. Be careful not to overcook them.:2.Place a portion of noodles in each bowl and ladle the sauce over them. Garnish with optional cucumber matchsticks, if desired. Alternatively, you can serve the sauce over cooked rice, creating a dish known as jjajangbap (짜장밥).:NOTE:Jjajangmyeon is traditionally accompanied by pickled radish slices. However, a modern twist involves pairing the dish with green onion kimchi (pa kimchi), which creates a delightful combination.

Doenjang Jjigae (Soybean Paste Stew);FOR ANCHOVY STOCK:2 cups (480 ml) rice water:5 large dried anchovy, deveined:1 piece dried sea kelp (dashima):FOR STEW:2 heaping tbsp Korean soybean paste (doenjang):1 tsp Korean chili paste (gochujang):1/2 small onion, chopped:1 small zucchini, diced:4 oz soft tofu, diced:2 oz (56 g) mushroom, optional:1 clove garlic, finely minced:1 tsp Korean chili flakes (gochugaru):1 fresh chili, sliced:1 green onion, finely chopped:EQUIPMENT:1 qt stone pot about 1 liter:mini scoop strainer;1.To make the anchovy stock, combine rice starch water, dried anchovy, and sea kelp in a stone pot or heavy bottom pot and bring to boil. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 3-4 minutes. Discard the anchovies and sea kelp.:2.To make the stew, smear the pastes in a mini scoop strainer or slotted spoon and incorporate into the stock. Add the onion and bring to a gentle boil over medium heat.:3.Add zucchini, tofu, and mushroom, continue to boil over medium-low heat for 1-2 minutes.:4.Add garlic, chili flakes, and fresh chili and heat through. Sprinkle green onion and remove from heat. Serve hot with rice.

Sundubu Jjigae (Korean Tofu Stew);2 tbsp oil:1 1/2 tbsp Korean chili flakes (gochugaru):1/3 cup (80 ml) sliced Asian leek, or green onion:1/2 small onion, chopped:1 clove garlic, minced:1/2 cup (120 ml) chopped kimchi:1 lb silken tofu:1/2 zucchini, sliced:1/2 lb (225 g) fresh or frozen whole clam, or shelled (use about 1/4 lb):6 medium raw shrimp, whole or peeled:1 tbsp Korean soy sauce (gukganjang):2 tsp Korean anchovy sauce:1 green onion, chopped:1 fresh chili, optional:1 egg, optional:FOR ANCHOVY STOCK:3 cup (720 ml) water:5 large dried anchovy:1 piece dried sea kelp (dashima):EQUIPMENT:1.5 qt pot;1.To make the anchovy stock, combine dried anchovies and sea kelp with water in a pot. Bring to boil and simmer for 3-4 minutes. Discard the sea kelp once water comes to boil. Discard the anchovies and reserve the stock.:2.If using fresh or frozen whole clams, soak them in cold water for 5 minutes. If you see that the clam shells are open, that’s a good sign. Discard any clams that are closed. If using clam meat, you don’t need to soak it in water.:3.Heat oil in a 1.5 qt pot over low heat. Add Korean chili flakes and the leek (or green onion) and gently stir for 1 minute. Be careful not to burn the chili flakes.:4.Add the onion, garlic, and kimchi and stir-fry for 1-2 minutes over medium heat until soft. Add the tofu, zucchini, and seafood. Try not to break up the tofu when you scoop it out—big chunks are better than letting it break into too many small pieces.:5.Pour the stock into the pot until it barely covers the tofu and seafood, about 1 3/4 cup. Bring the soup to boil first and reduce the heat to simmer. Simmer for 4-5 minutes. Season the soup with Korean soup soy sauce and anchovy sauce. Taste the broth and season more with salt if needed.:6.Lastly, top with green onion and fresh chili (if using). Serve hot with rice and Korean side dishes (banchan).:7.Addition of an egg: If you like to add an egg, crack it right on the soup at the last minute and remove the pot from the heat. The remaining heat in the pot will cook the egg. You can stir the egg to break the yolk while waiting.

Homemade Mandu (Korean Dumplings);40 large dumpling wrappers, about 5-inch (13 cm) diameter:FOR MANDU FILLING:7 oz (200 g) napa cabbage:1 tsp salt:3 oz (85 g) Korean glass noodles (dangmyeon):1 1/2 lb (680 g) minced pork:1 cup (25 g) finely chopped Asian chives:1 cup (80 g) finely chopped Asian leeks or green onion:2 tbsp soy sauce:2 tbsp sweet rice wine (mirim):1 tsp ginger paste:1 tbsp sesame oil:3/4 tsp black pepper:FOR DIPPING SAUCE:4 tbsp soy sauce:2 tbsp rice vinegar:2 tsp Korean chili flakes (gochugaru), optional:EQUIPMENT:Bamboo Steamer;TO MAKE THE MANDU FILLING:1.Chop napa cabbage very finely and put it in a mixing bowl. Sprinkle 1 tsp salt and toss together, let it sit for 10 minutes. When the cabbage becomes lifeless, squeeze it out to get rid of moisture.:2.Boil Korean sweet potato noodles according to the package directions, about 6-7 minutes. Rinse in cold water and drain well. Chop into small pieces.:3.Put pork, cabbage, chives, leeks, and noodles in a large mixing bowl. Season with soy sauce, sweet rice wine, ginger, sesame oil, and pepper, mix well with your hand until all the ingredients are well incorporated.:TO SHAPE HALF MOON DUMPLINGS:Put a heaping tablespoon of filling in the middle of wrapper, wet the edges of wrapper with water using your finger. Fold the wrapper in half and pinch the edges together. Bring the both ends toward the center. Pinch the ends together to complete.:TO SHAPE PLEATED DUMPLINGS:Put some filling in the middle of the wrapper and wet the edges with water using your finger. Bring one edge to the other and pinch in the center first, then make a small pleat on one side facing toward the center. Continue to make more pleats, usually about 4 pleats. Create the same number of pleats on the other side, facing the pleats toward the center.:TO STEAM THE MANDU (DUMPLINGS):1.Bring a small amount of water in a large pot to boil. Make sure the bottom of your steamer doesn't touch the water. Place mandu without touching each other in a bamboo steamer (or regular steamer), lined with a cheese cloth or a steam liner. When the water boils, place the steamer over or in the pot. Cover and steam for 5 minutes. Serve immediately.:2.Meanwhile, make dipping sauce to go with dumplings. Combine all the sauce ingredients and drizzle it over dumplings.

JAPANESE CUISINE

Okonomiyaki;1 cup (150g) self-raising flour:1 tsp baking powder:2 large eggs, at room temperature, whisked:1 tbs miso paste (any variety):500g baby wombok, halved lengthwise, core removed and thinly shredded:220g potato, peeled, finely chopped:4 long green shallots, thinly sliced, white and green parts separated:1/3 cup (80ml) vegetable oil:1/3 cup (80ml) tonkatsu sauce:1 tbs Kewpie mayonnaise:1/4 cup (35g) shaved natural pickled ginger:2 tsp furikake (Japanese rice seasoning);1.Place flour and baking powder in a large bowl and whisk to combine. Place eggs, miso and 350ml cold water in a large jug and whisk until well combined and smooth. Add to the flour mixture and whisk until batter is completely smooth.:2.Place wombok, potato and white part of shallot in a large bowl. Toss to combine. Add batter, toss until well combined and vegetables are evenly coated.:3.Heat oil in a 24cm ovenproof frypan over medium-high heat. Pour cabbage mixture in, spreading to evenly cover base of pan and pressing down firmly to level top. Cook, gently shaking pan occasionally, for 10-12 minutes until a deep golden crust forms underneath and pancake has cooked almost all the way through but top is still wet and there’s a slight wobble at the centre.:4.Meanwhile, preheat oven grill to high and place oven rack on middle shelf. Transfer pan to oven grill. Grill, untouched, for 5-7 minutes until pancake is cooked and deep golden on top.:5.Remove from grill and immediately brush surface with tonkatsu to glaze. Drizzle with mayonnaise and sprinkle with pickled ginger, green part of shallot and furikake. Serve immediately.

Yakitori (Grilled Chicken Skewers);1/2 c. reduced-sodium soy sauce:1/4 c. mirin:1/4 c. sake:1 tbsp granulated sugar:1 lb. boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut into 1" pieces:1 bunch of scallions, white and light green parts cut into 1" pieces:Vegetable oil, for grill:Toasted sesame seeds and shichimi togarashi, for serving (optional);1.Soak 10 to 12 bamboo skewers in water for 30 minutes.:2.In a small pot over medium-high heat, bring soy sauce, mirin, sake, and granulated sugar to a boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer until slightly thickened, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from heat and let cool to room temperature. Reserve 1/4 cup sauce in a small bowl. :3.Meanwhile, fold each piece of chicken in half and thread onto a skewer. Thread a scallion piece onto skewer. Repeat until each skewer has 4 pieces of chicken and 3 pieces of scallion. :4.Prepare a grill for medium-high heat, preheat 5 minutes. Lightly brush grates with oil. Grill skewers, turning occasionally, 4 minutes. After 4 minutes, begin brushing skewers with reserved sauce after each turn. Continue to grill until an instant-read thermometer inserted into thickest part of chicken registers 165°, 4 to 5 minutes more.:5.Arrange skewers on a platter. Using a clean brush, baste top of skewers with more sauce. Sprinkle with desired toppings.

Chicken Teriyaki;FOR THE SAUCE:1/3 c. reduced-sodium soy sauce:1 1/2 tbsp. rice wine vinegar:1 tsp. toasted sesame oil:1 1/2 tbsp. honey:2 cloves garlic, minced:2 tsp. finely minced or grated fresh ginger:1 1/2 tsp. cornstarch:FOR THE CHICKEN:1 tbsp. vegetable oil:1 lb. boneless skinless chicken breasts, cut into 1" pieces:Kosher salt:Freshly ground black pepper:Toasted sesame seeds, for garnish:Sliced scallions, for garnish:Cooked white rice, for serving:Steamed broccoli, for serving;1.Make sauce: In a medium bowl, whisk together soy sauce, rice vinegar, oil, honey, garlic, ginger, and cornstarch.:2.Make chicken: In a large skillet over medium heat, heat oil. Add chicken to skillet and season with salt and pepper. Cook until golden and almost cooked through, about 10 minutes.:3.Pour sauce over chicken and simmer until sauce has thickened slightly and chicken is cooked through, 5 minutes.:4.Garnish with sesame seeds and scallions. Serve over rice with steamed broccoli.

ITALIAN CUISINE

Creamy Chicken Marsala;1 1/2 lb. boneless, skinless chicken breasts (2 to 3):1 tsp. freshly ground black pepper:1 tsp. Italian seasoning:2 tsp. kosher salt, divided:1/2 c. all-purpose flour:4 tbsp. extra-virgin olive oil, divided:3 tbsp. unsalted butter, divided:8 oz. cremini mushrooms, thinly sliced:1 shallot, finely chopped:3 cloves garlic, sliced:1 tbsp. chopped fresh thyme :3/4 c. Marsala wine:1 1/4 c. low-sodium chicken broth:3/4 c. heavy cream:1 tbsp. chopped fresh parsley;1.Pat chicken dry and remove tenderloin from breasts. Butterfly each breast, then separate butterflied halves to create 4-6 thin pieces, season both sides of chicken with pepper, Italian seasoning, and 1 1/2 teaspoons salt.:2.Pour flour into a shallow dish. Dredge each piece of chicken in flour, coating both sides, and tap off any excess.:3.In a large skillet over medium-high heat, heat 1 tablespoon oil, then melt 1 tablespoon butter. Add half of chicken and cook, turning occasionally, until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate. Repeat with 1 tablespoon oil and remaining chicken.:4.In same skillet over medium heat, heat 1 tablespoon oil. Add mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add shallot and remaining 1 tablespoon oil and 1/2 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring frequently, until translucent, about 2 minutes. Add garlic and thyme and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add wine and cook, stirring occasionally and scraping browned bits from bottom of pan, until reduced by half, 4 to 5 minutes. Add broth and cream and bring to a simmer. Cook, stirring occasionally, until sauce starts to thicken, about 15 minutes.:5.Stir in remaining 2 tablespoon butter until melted. Return chicken to skillet spoon sauce over chicken until heated through, 2 to 3 minutes. Top with parsley.

Risotto;4 c. store-bought or homemade low-sodium chicken broth:5 tbsp. unsalted butter, divided:1 medium white onion, finely chopped (about 1 1/2 c.):2 1/2 tsp. kosher salt, divided:1 1/2 c. arborio or carnaroli rice:1 c. dry white wine:3 oz. Parmesan, finely grated (about 1 1/2 c.) :3/4 tsp. freshly ground black pepper;1.In a medium pot over medium-high heat, heat broth until steaming. Reduce heat to low, cover, and keep warm.:2.Meanwhile, in a large skillet over medium heat, melt 4 tablespoons butter. Add onion and 1/2 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, translucent, and sweet to the taste, 8 to 10 minutes. Add rice and cook, stirring occasionally, until translucent around the edges, 1 to 2 minutes more.:3.Add wine and cook, stirring, until liquid is absorbed, 3 to 4 minutes. Add 3 cups warm broth, stir to incorporate, and bring to a simmer over medium-high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until rice is just tender, 10 to 15 minutes.:4.Uncover and add 1/2 cup warm broth. Return to a simmer over medium heat and continue to cook, stirring, until broth is absorbed, 1 to 2 minutes more. Taste and, if rice is still slightly al dente, add remaining 1/2 cup broth and continue to simmer, stirring, until absorbed and rice is tender.:5.Remove from heat. Stir in Parmesan, pepper, and remaining 1 tablespoon butter until cheese and butter are melted, season with remaining 2 teaspoons salt, if needed. Serve immediately.

Chicken Parmesan;FOR MARINARA SAUCE:3 tbsp. extra-virgin olive oil:1 small yellow onion, finely chopped:6 cloves garlic, finely chopped:1 (28-oz.) can crushed tomatoes:2 large sprigs basil:Kosher salt:Freshly ground black pepper:FOR CHICKEN:1 c. panko bread crumbs:1 tsp. garlic powder:2 c. finely grated Parmesan, divided:3/4 c. all-purpose flour:2 large eggs:6 (1/4"-thick) boneless, skinless chicken cutlets (about 1 1/2 lb. total):Kosher salt:Freshly ground black pepper:1 c. shredded mozzarella:1 c. vegetable or canola oil:Chopped fresh basil, for serving;MARINARA SAUCE:1.In a medium pot over medium heat, heat oil. Add onion and garlic, stir to combine, and reduce heat to low. Cover and cook, stirring occasionally, 10 minutes. Uncover and cook, stirring occasionally, until onion is translucent, softened, and fragrant, about 5 minutes more.:2.Stir in tomatoes and basil. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to medium-low and simmer, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened and flavors have melded, about 30 minutes, season with salt and pepper. Discard basil.:FOR CHICKEN:1.In a shallow bowl, combine panko, garlic powder, and 1 cup Parmesan. Into another shallow bowl, pour flour. In a third shallow bowl, beat eggs with 1 tablespoon water.:2.Pat chicken dry, season with salt and pepper. Dip into flour, shaking off excess, then into egg, then into panko mixture, gently pressing to adhere.:3.In a small bowl, mix mozzarella and remaining 1 cup Parmesan. :4.Heat broiler. In a large, heavy pot over medium heat, heat oil until a deep-fry or instant-read thermometer registers 350°, if it smokes a bit, that’s okay. Set a wire rack in a baking sheet.:5.Working one at a time, fry chicken until one side is golden brown, about 1 minute. Flip and continue to fry until golden brown on the other side and the sound of the frying chicken gets slightly louder—this is the moisture evaporating from the chicken—about 1 minute more. Transfer to prepared rack. Repeat with remaining chicken. Spoon some marinara over chicken. Sprinkle with cheese mixture.:6.Broil, watching carefully, until cheese is melted and brown spots form, about 2 minutes.:7.Divide chicken among plates. Top with basil. Serve with remaining marinara alongside.

INDIAN CUISINE

Lamb Curry;1 1/2 boneless leg of lamb, fat trimmed, cut into 1” cubes:2 tbsp. ground coriander:2 tsp. ground cumin:1 tsp. smoked paprika:1 tsp. kosher salt:1/2 tsp. cayenne:1/2 tsp. ground turmeric:2 tbsp. fresh ginger, peeled and finely chopped:4 garlic cloves, finely chopped:2 tbsp. canola or vegetable oil:1 medium red onion, finely chopped:1 c. canned tomato sauce:1 c. water:2 tbsp. fresh cilantro, leaves and stems, finely chopped, for garnish:Cooked basmati rice, for serving:Naan, for serving;1.In a large bowl, coat lamb with coriander, cumin, paprika, salt, cayenne, turmeric, ginger, and garlic. Refrigerate, covered, for 30 minutes or up to 8 hours.:2.In a large pan or Dutch oven, heat oil over medium-high heat until it shimmers. Cook onion until it begins to soften, about 2 minutes. Add lamb and brown it on all sides, about 5 minutes. :3.Stir in tomato sauce and water and scrape the pan to deglaze (loosen) the stuck-on bits. Bring to a boil and lower heat to medium-low. Simmer, covered, until meat is fork-tender, about 45 minutes.:4.Top with cilantro and serve alongside basmati rice and naan if you have it.

Saag Paneer;4 tbsp. canola or vegetable oil:8 oz. paneer or extra-firm tofu, cut into 1" cubes:1 small red onion, roughly chopped:6 slices fresh ginger:4 garlic cloves:1 green serrano chile, seeds and white “vein” removed if you prefer less heat:1 c. canned tomato sauce:1 tbsp. ground coriander:1 tsp. ground cumin:1/2 tsp. cayenne (¼ tsp. for less heat):1/4 tsp. ground turmeric:1 tsp. kosher salt:1 lb. baby spinach, finely chopped:1/2 c. water:1/2 c. heavy cream:1/2 tsp. garam masala:Steamed white rice or naan (store-bought or homemade), for serving;1.In a large nonstick or cast-iron skillet, heat 2 tablespoons oil over medium heat until it shimmers. Add the paneer in one layer and cook until brown on one side, about 2 minutes. Flip and cook until brown on the other side, another 2 minutes. (The paneer will splatter, so be careful!)  Transfer the paneer to a bowl filled with hot tap water to help keep it soft.:2.Pulse the onion, ginger, garlic, and chile in a food processor until minced. (You may need to add a bit of water to the processor.):3.In a large Dutch oven or saucepan, heat the remaining oil over medium heat until it shimmers. Add the onion paste and cook until light brown and some of it sticks to the bottom of the pan, about 2 minutes.:4.Stir in the tomato sauce, coriander, cumin, cayenne, turmeric, and salt. Lower the heat and simmer, partially covered, for about 8 minutes.:5.Add spinach and cook, covered, until wilted, about 4 minutes. Stir in the water and simmer, covered, until spinach turns a pale green color, about 15 minutes.:6.Drain the paneer and add it to the spinach, along with the cream and garam masala. Continue to simmer the curry, covered, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes.:7.Serve warm alongside cooked rice or naan.

Chicken Tikka Masala;4 cloves garlic, grated:1 tbsp. grated peeled fresh ginger (from a 1" piece):2 1/2 tsp. garam masala:2 tsp. ground coriander:2 tsp. ground turmeric:1 1/2 tsp. ground cumin:1/3 c. plus 1 tbsp. tomato paste, divided:Kosher salt:1 c. whole-milk yogurt:2 lb. skinless, boneless chicken breasts:2 tbsp. vegetable oil or ghee:1 yellow onion, finely chopped:1 to 3 fresh red chiles, seeded and finely chopped, or 1/4 to 1/2 tsp. crushed red pepper flakes:2 1/2 c. tomato puree:1 c. heavy cream:1/2 c. fresh cilantro leaves, finely chopped, plus more for serving:Steamed basmati rice and naan, for serving;1.In a small bowl, mix garlic, ginger, garam masala, coriander, turmeric, cumin, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, and 1/4 teaspoon salt until a paste forms.:2.In a medium bowl, stir yogurt, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and half of spice paste until well combined, cover and refrigerate remaining spice paste. Place chicken on a cutting board. Using a paring knife, make a few shallow cuts in each breast. Add to bowl and turn to coat. Cover and refrigerate at least 30 minutes and up to 6 hours. :3.In a large pot over medium heat, heat oil. Add onion and chiles and cook, stirring often, until softened, 5 to 7 minutes. Add remaining 1/3 cup tomato paste and cook, stirring constantly, until darkened, 2 to 3 minutes. Add remaining spice paste and cook, stirring constantly, until fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes.:4.Stir in tomato puree and 1/2 cup water, scraping up any browned bits in bottom of pot. Bring to a simmer and cook, stirring often and reducing heat to low if needed to maintain a gentle simmer, until mixture thickens, 10 to 12 minutes. Stir in cream and gently simmer, stirring frequently, until slightly thickened, 10 to 12 minutes.:5.Meanwhile, preheat broiler with an oven rack 6" from heat. Line a rimmed baking sheet with foil and place a wire rack inside sheet. Transfer chicken with marinade to rack and arrange in a single layer. Spoon any remaining marinade in bowl over chicken. Broil until chicken is mostly cooked and marinade has thickened and is golden in spots (chicken will not be fully cooked at this point), 10 to 12 minutes.:6.Cut chicken into bite-size chunks. Add chicken and cilantro to tomato mixture. Very gently simmer, stirring occasionally, until chicken is cooked through, 5 to 8 minutes, season with 1/2 teaspoon salt.:7.Divide rice among bowls. Spoon chicken tikki masala over. Top with cilantro. Serve with naan alongside.

FRENCH CUISINE

Boursin-Stuffed Chicken;4 boneless skinless chicken breasts:kosher salt:Freshly ground black pepper:1 package Boursin cheese or herbed goat cheese, 4 oz.:1/2 c. shredded mozzarella:4 slices prosciutto;1.Preheat oven to 400°.:2.Using a meat tenderizer, pound the chicken until 1/4" thick. Pat dry and liberally season it with salt and pepper on both sides. Place a spoonful or two of Boursin on one end of each piece, top with a sprinkle of mozzarella cheese, and roll the chicken up, starting at the cheese-topped end. Wrap chicken with a slice of prosciutto and place in a baking dish seam-side down, so the prosciutto doesn't unravel. Repeat with each piece of chicken.:3.Bake for 30 to 35 minutes, or until chicken is no longer pink and juices run clear when pierced with a fork or knife.

Potatoes Au Gratin;6 russet potatoes, cleaned and peeled:2 tbsp. butter, plus more for pan:2 cloves garlic, minced:1 1/2 c. heavy cream:1/4 c. milk:1 tbsp. freshly chopped thyme:Pinch of nutmeg:Kosher salt:red pepper flakes:1 1/2 c. shredded Gruyère:1/2 c. freshly grated Parmesan;1.Preheat oven to 375° and butter a large 3 qt baking dish. Slice potatoes 1/4" thick and place in water to keep from browning.:2.In a large skillet over medium heat, melt butter. Add garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add cream, milk, thyme, nutmeg, salt, and red pepper flakes. Bring to a boil and reduce heat to low. Let simmer 10 minutes. Remove from heat.:3.Layer a third of potatoes, slightly overlapping, in prepared dish then pour a third of cream mixture over potatoes. Repeat with remaining potatoes and cream to make two more layers. Sprinkle Gruyère over top.:4.Cover with foil and bake for 45 minutes. Uncover, sprinkle with Parmesan and continue baking until potatoes are tender and top is golden, 15 to 20 minutes. Let sit for 10 minutes before serving.

Beef Bourguignon;3 lb. beef chuck, cut into 1” cubes:Kosher salt:Freshly ground black pepper:1 tbsp. grapeseed (or vegetable) oil:1/2 lb. bacon, cut into ½” pieces:2 large carrots, peeled, sliced on bias into large chunks:1 large onion, chopped:4 cloves garlic, minced:2 tsp. tomato paste:3 tbsp. all-purpose flour:3 c. dry red wine:2 c. low-sodium beef broth :1 bay leaf:3 sprigs thyme:4 tbsp. butter:1/2 lb. pearl onions:1/2 lb. cremini mushrooms, halved:Freshly chopped parsley, for garnish;1.Preheat oven to 350°. Season beef with salt and pepper. In a large Dutch oven (or ovenproof pot) over medium heat, heat oil. Add bacon and cook, stirring occasionally, until crispy, about 6 minutes. Drain bacon on a paper towel-lined plate. :2.Increase heat to medium-high and, working in batches, add beef in a single layer, leaving room between each piece. Cook until seared on all sides, about 10 minutes. Repeat with remaining beef. :3.Reduce heat to medium and stir in carrot and onion. If the pan seems very dark, add 1 tablespoon of water and use a wooden spoon to scrape dark. Season with salt and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Stir in garlic and tomato paste and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. :4.Add flour and stir until vegetables are coated, then add wine, broth, bay leaves, and thyme. Return bacon and beef to pot, cover pot with a tight-fitting lid, and transfer to oven. Cook until beef is very tender and sauce has thickened slightly, about 1½ hours. Season with salt and pepper. :5.Meanwhile, cook pearl onions and mushrooms. In a large skillet over medium heat, melt butter. Add pearl onions and mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden and tender. If the pan seems dry, add water by the tablespoon.:6.Top each serving with pearl onions and mushrooms and garnish with parsley. 




